hey this was pressure Locker when the
day after tomorrow is yesterday then
today will be as far from Wednesday as
today was from Wednesday when the day
before yesterday was tomorrow what day
is today can you figure it out
give this prom a try and when you're
ready keep watching the video for the
solution 1 difficulty in the problem is
the word today refers to three different
days the first reference of today I'll
mark as the green day the next reference
I'll denote as orange day and the day we
want to solve for today I'll say is the
blue day so when is the green day this
is when the day after tomorrow would be
referred to as yesterday so relative
today as day X tomorrow will be X plus 1
the day after tomorrow is X plus 2 and
we would refer to the day after tomorrow
as yesterday if we go one more day
forward to X plus 3 now let's solve for
the orange day relative to today this
will be when the day before yesterday
would be referred to as tomorrow if
today is day X then yesterday is X minus
1 the day before yesterday is X minus 2
and that day would be referred to as
tomorrow if we go one more day back to X
minus 3 so the Green Day is three days
ahead of today and the orange day is
three days before today we need the
green and orange days to be an equal
distance from Wednesday when does this
happen it exactly happens when X is
equal to when's
today because that means green will be
three days after Wednesday and orange
will be three days before Wednesday
therefore today is Wednesday did you
figure it out thanks for watching this
video please subscribe to my channel I
make videos on math and game theory you
can catch me on my blog mind your
decisions which you can follow on
Facebook Google+ and patreon you can
catch me on social media at pressure
Walker and if you like this video please
check out my books there are links in
the video description